CREATE TABLE `capacity_building` (
id bigint(20) UNSIGNED NOT NULL,
provider VARCHAR(200),
type VARCHAR(200),
trained_instances VARCHAR(200),
ca_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ca_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ca_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ca_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ca_mr_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ca_mr_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ca_mr_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ca_mr_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ca_pvh_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ca_pvh_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ca_pvh_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ca_pvh_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
be_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
be_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
be_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
be_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
be_mr_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
be_mr_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
be_mr_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
be_mr_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
be_pvh_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
be_pvh_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
be_pvh_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
be_pvh_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cs_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cs_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cs_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cs_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cs_mr_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cs_mr_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cs_mr_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cs_mr_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cs_pvh_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cs_pvh_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cs_pvh_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cs_pvh_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cd_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cd_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cd_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cd_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cd_mr_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cd_mr_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cd_mr_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cd_mr_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cd_pvh_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cd_pvh_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cd_pvh_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
cd_pvh_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ct_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ct_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ct_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ct_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ct_mr_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ct_mr_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ct_mr_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ct_mr_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ct_pvh_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ct_pvh_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ct_pvh_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
ct_pvh_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
other_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
other_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
other_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
other_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
other_mr_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
other_mr_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
other_mr_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
other_mr_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
other_pvh_men_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
other_pvh_men_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
other_pvh_women_service_beneficiary_lt35 INT UNSIGNED,
other_pvh_women_service_beneficiary_gt35 INT UNSIGNED,
collect_id INT UNSIGNED
)